Fixed missing code marker end (#437)
rsksmart/devportal: _rsk/rbtc/conversion/networks/testnet.md

**4 Get tR-BTC address with tBTC private key**

> You can get a corresponding tR-BTC address with your tBTC private key from [https://github.com/rsksmart/utils](https://github.com/rsksmart/utils). If you do not want to compile the site you can download the [release](https://github.com/rsksmart/utils/releases/tag/v1.0.0).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can get a corresponding tR-BTC address from your tBTC private key by using [github.com/rsksmart/utils](https://github.com/rsksmart/utils). If you do not want to compile the utility, you can download the [latest release](https://github.com/rsksmart/utils/releases/latest).
```

ditto

**1 Get tBTC address with tR-BTC private key**

> If you forgot tBTC public address you can retrieve it with RSK private key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> from [https://github.com/rsksmart/utils](https://github.com/rsksmart/utils). If you do not want to compile the site you can download the [release](https://github.com/rsksmart/utils/releases/tag/v1.0.0).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can get a corresponding tBTC address from your tR-BTC private key by using [github.com/rsksmart/utils](https://github.com/rsksmart/utils). If you do not want to compile the utility, you can download the [latest release](https://github.com/rsksmart/utils/releases/latest).
```

ditto
